<BEGIN TRANSMISSION>
<!-- BEGIN ENCRYPTED INTELLIGENCE -- >
// “Repair Man’s Own”(tm) 0.5 bit Encryption
// ©1970 Disaprine Productions
// “Compretry safe!”
// - [REDACTED*]
Repair Man
Repair Man is a self-employed, self-licensed, and self-humiliating general repair man. He was once considered a threat to the Funny Guys in the Koven Wars, an unstoppable force of destruction. Koven’s “ace in the hole.” However, after being locked in a box with Koven and shot into space, he seems to have disappeared for a strange reason.

Since then he has reappeared in Funnyland, first seen as a threat by Funny Guy. Then, after witnessing him eating dandelions, his mental state has deteriorated constantly, becoming the butt of a lot of jokes and ending up in a lot of unfortunate situations. At the time of writing this, he is at the least a minor annoyance and at the most a distraction. He seems to have adopted the idea that the Funny Guys are his friends, and for the most part, they begrudgingly choose to assist him in “matters of the home.”

He’s a member, or at least a minion, of the Evilies.
Funny Guy
Elemental Funny Guy is the original Funny Guy, and thus is the only F.G. to be referred to with the simple, but honorable, “Funny Guy” name. In the beginning he was a man of simple pleasures, stumbling around town and crushing boomboxes underfoot, throwing undesirables at walls, and generally making a fool of himself, living up to his mysterious but universally understood name.
All that changed one day when he was thrown into battle one day with the evil Koven, the leader of a competitor comic corporation. He was quickly forced to throw away his innocence and fight for his survival... Or something along those lines. 

He was once designated with the names and prefixes Funny Guy, Super Funny Guy, Hyper Funny Guy, Master Funny Guy, Psy Funny Guy, Superior Funny Guy, Cataclysmic Funny Guy, Inferno Funny Guy, Eternal Funny Guy, and finally, Elemental Funny Guy. He has evolved the most out of all of the FGs.
Junior
Funny Guy, Jr. is the youngest known Funny Guy in the land. He first appeared during The Koven Wars with his massive jaws and speech impediment as an asset to the F.G. front lines. Since then he has joined the core Funny Guy group in the F.G. House, and attends Funny Town Elementary
Target
Target Funny Guy is the team’s master of firearms and explosives, and believed to be the F.G.'s primary financial benefactor, owing to his occupation as a mercenary taking extremely dangerous missions that require a hyper-lethal vector with the nigh-invincibility of a protagonist.
	He once killed a stone with two birds from 200 meters away, launched with a slingshot crafted from a lightly used ladie's undergarment and turkey wishbone, simply on a dare, but later discovered that he had misheard what the person had said.
Metal
Metal Funny Guy, recently evolved from Razor Funny Guy, is the team's expert in the field of music and heavy metal. He spends his time writing and performing music, and the rest of it as an internet hero, berating the uneducated with his undoubtedly superior knowledge of a subjective art form. But that's just detail.
The Evil Scientist
The Evil Scientist, real name unknown, was Funny Guy's first nemesis, daily scheming new attempts to capture Funny Guy and drain his “Funny,” whether as the result of a deep-seated inferiority complex or jealousy for his happy-go-lucky attitude in the early days. His sidekick was his pet monkey, appropriately named “The Monkey,” trained to infiltrate Funny Guy’s living space and collect information.
	The Evil Scientist became an ally of Funny Guy in the Koven Wars, and remained so for a long time, sticking around long enough to stomp Serious Man into the dirt, as the F.G.s provided him with a constant supply of test subjects for his less than Hippocratically valid work. He even went so far as to add quotes to his title, becoming The “Evil” Scientist, leaving his true intentions baffling to all who investigate.
Serious Man
description
Sir Disaprine
description
Bad Guy
description “Bad Guy” is the preferred name for a mysterious figure yet to appear. Such an unspeakable evil has never been heard or seen in the history of the world.

